## Transaction Order Dependence

### Description:
The Ethereum network processes transactions in blocks with new blocks getting confirmed around every 17 seconds. The miners look at transactions they have received and select which transactions to include in a block, based who has paid a high enough gas price to be included. Additionally, when transactions are sent to the Ethereum network they are forwarded to each node for processing. Thus, a person who is running an Ethereum node can tell which transactions are going to occur before they are finalized.A race condition vulnerability occurs when code depends on the order of the transactions submitted to it.

The simplest example of a race condition is when a smart contract give a reward for submitting information. Say a contract will give out 1 token to the first person who solves a math problem. Alice solves the problem and submits the answer to the network with a standard gas price. Eve runs an Ethereum node and can see the answer to the math problem in the transaction that Alice submitted to the network. So Eve submits the answer to the network with a much higher gas price and thus it gets processed and committed before Alice's transaction. Eve receives one token and Alice gets nothing, even though it was Alice who worked to solve the problem.

### Remediation:
A possible way to remedy for race conditions in submission of information in exchange for a reward is called a commit reveal hash scheme. Instead of submitting the answer the party who has the answer submits hash(salt, address, answer) [salt being some number of their choosing] the contract stores this hash and the sender's address. To claim the reward the sender then submits a transaction with the salt, and answer. The contract hashes (salt, msg.sender, answer) and checks the hash produced against the stored hash, if the hash matches the contract releases the reward.

### References:
[https://swcregistry.io/docs/SWC-114](https://swcregistry.io/docs/SWC-114)